['I chose to move far away, to start fresh. But then I was diagnosed with major depression. My life here was a mess.', 'However, I chose med school instead of going to the same uni as him.', 'He and I got accepted into the same university.', "Ok, let's continue my story.", 'My neighbor thinks that their side of the road must not be touched by us. The road is for public ffs. Just go live in a forest, asshole.', 'Netflix caught me using proxy 😒 #cancelling', 'Time to watch #greysanatomy', "RT @elalderson: Even if I don't end up being a doctor at least I'll still have one type of MD (major depression)", "In 12th grade, I could've sworn that he gave me some signs that he still cared about me.", "It's #Castle time!", "From that moment, I watched as they grew closer. \nHe ignored me. Completely. He even didn't reply my chat.", 'That birthday party was one of the worst night in my life. My friend introduced M to a 12th grader.', 'I had 7 close female friends. One of them had a birthday party. We were all invited, including M.', "I didn't tell my friends about us (me and M).", 'However, when I met him at school, he acted like nothing happened. It was like he ignored the fact that we talked until 3am.', "We talked about more personal things.His family, my family.I learned that his sister &amp; I had the same name.Our mothers' name was similar too", "One time I didn't check into my messenger, and when I logged in, there were dozens of his messages and one of them said that he missed me.", "Why did he always want to talk to me? I didn't want to get my hopes up in case he didn't feel the same.", 'He always woke me up whenever there was a football match. I never asked him to do so. He had other male friends who also liked football.', 'I never greeted him first. It was always him who talked to me first whenever I was online.', 'He suddenly added me on msn (MSN :D) and he greeted me first. We talked about many things all day and night.', 'He had changed. He had new friends, and we grew apart.', 'We still talked to each other once in a while. We still helped each other.', 'In 11st grade, he and I got into different classes, but our classes were next to each other.', 'I always cared about him as a friend.I helped him in cooking class.I intentionally let him win in that mobile game (I forget its name).', 'He always helped me with anything, studying, doing homework, fixing things. He even killed a spider in my bag.', "There was this mobile game that I was really good at.We'd always played this game whenever we could.In class,during recess,after class.", 'I was really jealous, but I acted like it was nothing.Their relationship lasted only for 3 months. We were still friends, but I wanted more.', 'But it only lasted for some moments, until my "friend" (from now on i\'ll call him M) started dating one of my close friends.', 'We were close. I had not developed any feelings for him. I had a crush on my class captain --', 'We shared a lot of common interests. Football, favorite school subject, mobile games, and many more.', 'It was in 2006, maybe? Almost 10 years ago.', 'The first time I met him was the first day of high school. I sat near him in class.', 'I\'ve been thinking about this "friend" lately. He was my friend in high school.', 'Get lost, Thorpe, you are not McDreamy. #GreysAnatomy', "RT @julietknope: I want Damon Lindelof back on Twitter so I can tell him how much I love him. Also, I miss him making fun of Bieber's yello…", "I have a gray hair?! I'm 25 ffs.", 'One of my neighbors might have used my wifi. 😡😡😡', 'RT @GreysABC: Meredith pep talk time! #GreysAnatomy https://t.co/EITOKbVM8s', "RT @oz_greg: Ever wanted to push the button? Well someone's created an online version &amp; you get the chance every 108 mins... theswanstation…", "It's all about loksat 😱😱😱", 'Where is beckett?', 'RT @harleensquiinn: I still want esplanie back', "It's #Castle time!", 'RT @lostgifs: https://t.co/vRhArd0LPA', 'I want pizza', 'RT @corrwill: Edit button, @twitter!!!! Still waiting on that thing.', "My neighbor's maid is the owner of the most annoying voice in the world.", "Next episode's sneak peek: A group of doctors are traveling somewhere.\nMe: Who will be dead this time???\n#GreysAnatomy", 'Into the fire hOw DAre YOU SHONDA 😭😭😭', 'Hahahahaha webber punishing deluca is so funny 😂😂', '@shondarhimes can you write an episode about how the dead characters are doing in heaven? #GreysAnatomy', 'Still not sure whether to like or hate Riggs. #GreysAnatomy', "Jackson will explode when he learns that April's pregnant.", "Will the rest of the show be about McDreamy flashbacks? Because I didn't wake up this morning for this 😫😫 #GreysAnatomy", '@IwishUbelievdme hi, sorry for the very late reply! Reading fanfics and getting emotional about them are total guilty pleasures of mine.', 'Katie Bryce!!! #GreysAnatomy']