['if i was diagnosed with depression, how many of my friends would leave me?', "there are some people who only like the part of your face that's smiling", 'i feel like an evil spirit just stopped staring at me', 'i got my wish for a price', 'all wishes have a price', 'mas naging malabo nung naging malinaw', 'para saan pa yung pag-"read between the lines" kung di mo rin naintindihan yung binasa mo', 'pizza or problem set? mas maaga deadline ng tiyan ko', 'AT_USER nuxxx salamat salamat hahahaha kung sana totoo hahahaha', 'mas masaya pala gumastos kapag sariling pera', 'AT_USER onga eh hahahaha nagtaka ako sinearch ko yung james arthur :)))))', 'AT_USER trip ko lang, sabi naman nung prof any nickname eh haha', 'AT_USER hahahaha pangalan ko yan sa ibang classes ko sa school eh', 'when i was down, when i was hurt, you came to lift me up ♫', 'yung naunplug yung earphones mo habang may nagpaprayer meeting. let it go. let it goooo.', 'AT_USER hahahaha g lang ako', 'kailangan ko ng kasamang magkaraoke', 'di ka naman manhid pero sana pinaparamdam mong nakakaramdam ka', 'yung board game mong may play money, bahay, at cards, pero walang board -.-', 'dapat may tawa para di sad hahahahahhaha hah ah ah hah ah ahh ah hayy', 'sometimes i wear earphones to block myself out', 'matatapos mo rin yan" eh pano kung ayokong tapusin', 'AT_USER kaso iba kasi pakiramdam kung nag-ipon ka para dun sa di mo pwedeng bilhin', 'mas mahirap nga yung wala kang pera kaya di ka makabili kesa dun sa may pera ka pero di mo pwedeng bilhin, kasi may pera ka naman eh', 'might be at the bargaining part', 'sana pag may nagpapalike sayo sa fb may kasamang reason dun sa notification', 'naexcite ako masyado nakalimutan ko may problem pa pala ako. problem set.', 'our room was rebuilt and their path was blocked - i thought they were all killed, but this one giant mother rat still lives in our garden', 'show me the k o t e s e AT_USER', 'i thought no one read tweets on twitter.', "this soundproof room tho, it's like they're not even here", 'suffocating in the smell of paint', "i'm at a payphone trying to call home, this town's no longer fun ♫ ♫", 'AT_USER why not both. joke lang haha', "when you want to go home but you don't know where that is anymore", "i'm tired of feeling emotions.", 'give me a restart.', 'why do we even have conversations if we dont trust each other', 'cant fool anyone with those eyes', 'takes away all the things i feel happy about', "i think she's proud that she taught me how to connect sad things to other sad things", 'AT_USER AT_USER greetings from above', 'trust me i am town', 'AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER soul!!!!!', 'mangnanakaw wag ka mangnakaw *i-try makipag-high five*', 'saan tayo pupunta? *palakpak palakpak palakpak*', 'soul!', 'i cannot trust my phone anymore', 'with the soul squad right now', 'i didnt feel this tired before', 'why do people stare when they see me lip-syncing to the songs on my earphones', "you disappeared just like one of my socks. you stink. but i'm still waiting for you to appear out of nowhere.", 'ang daming naglalaro ng paranoia sa twitter ah', "you're hot then you're cold, you're yes then you're no, you don't want me to move, but you tell me to go. ♫ ♫", "AT_USER you know what, you need to chill, sleep and rest! (bein' serious)", 'yung phone ko 1% simula kaninang umaga hanggang ngayon. why u lyin to me', 'definitely one of the best days ever!', "let's be safe from sea bears URL", 'congrats on your legitness AT_USER', 'grabe yung boses ni chris martin', 'i uncontrollably bite the inside of my mouth', 'takes two songs', "there's just no gettin' over you, even if i tried, even if i wanted to. ♫ ♫", 'and you said you had my back so i wonder where are you now that i need you? ♫ ♫', 'AT_USER nakakainis haha ano ba yan', "i'm all yours. i got no control. i still get jealous. ♫ ♫", 'ano daw capital ng canada? wala. canada yung may capital eh.', "feeling ko may nagtatagong interpreter dito sa show na 'to eh", 'college please stop sending me notifications', "it hurts a lot but it's worth it", "i'm officially a vampire. who wants a bite?", 'AT_USER AT_USER hahahahahanaaalala ko rin yan nakakamiss', "i skipped today's sunlight :(", "realizing that the good dream you had was just a dream - isn't that also a nightmare?", 'wake me up twelve hours ago!', 'sometimes a gift can become a burden', 'god help me', "i can't keep waking up like this.", 'one of those lonely people who want to be alone', "that moment when you're trying to eat chocolate rice crispies and you end up accidentally eating cockroach eggs", "it's nice to hear that you want me to write something", '&lt; i just have to stop comparing &gt;', 'bakit ako nasasaktan pag nababasag yung bote ng coke dun sa commercial', 'using fire to cover the firing', 'para akong si mr bean dito na naghahanap ng tahimik na lugar sa bahay', 'sinong hater ba ng arts and sciences ang pasimuno', 'good morning :)', 'just shhhhh people shhhhhhhhh', 'i just want a calm morning', 'now i remember why this is my body clock', 'i wake up to say goodnight to my friends', 'nag-intay pa ng april fools, lagi naman nangloloko', 'hello there messed up body clock', 'and so this is my curse', "i'll take the pain. give me the truth. ♫", 'just typing that one word already makes me sad', "i don't really need social media, but professors 'recommend' it :/", 'AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER hahaha support', 'i can can.', "although we don't talk anymore like we used to, know that i'm only one call away. ♫ ♫", 'AT_USER aight! thanks jennenehh haha', 'i find myself in my melodies ♫', 'magpapahinga lang ako.', 'looks like i have the rest of this week alone at this house', '*tv show character gets mad and sees a conveniently placed table full of breakable stuff to break*', 'did i really graduate two years ago for /this/?', 'they dont really trust me and i dont really trust them', 'too tired to resist people, too tired to lie', 'bumaba na naman bigat ko hayyy', 'maingay magsungit', 'college made all of you so unavailable', 'no strength at all', 'sometimes you wish your house and your home could be in one place.', 'i want to shift.', 'sumabog po yung buko pie ko sa microwave', 'yung 6pm naging 9:45 tapos ngayon pa lang ako magsisimula', 'i want to have the power to change the taste of food im eating. yum.', 'she likes to treat me deaf', 'but your faith, it gives me strength ♫', 'AT_USER tagal na pala haha. nabasa ko rin yung sayo eh. namiss mo pala kaming mga 4th year awwww :)))', 'baka kasi wala silang duct tape', 'hahahahahaha', 'this is a debate between the presidents and that girl wearing a red dress', 'kampiiiiiiiihan!', 'ayy nag-aaway na sila. fight fight fight fight fight', 'AT_USER kanina lang din? :)) wooooaaaahhh', 'kinikilig sa pagbabasa ng testimonials from highschool', 'AT_USER i didnt need to summon anyone ;)', 'AT_USER at the tribal dance part', 'why did i have to wake up at that part of the dream', 'gusto mo bang kumain ng spaghetti?" hard decisions hmmm, AT_USER AT_USER', 'ive reached my limits', 'im feeling totally unwell', 'failing this exam only takes me one step closer to shifting, and im fine with that', 'i need a vacation away from here', 'a letter can change a whole word', 'only people who care more about acads than health would bring their sick child to school', 'slowly losing people to say goodbye to', 'worst time to feel bothered cause wala /kayo/', 'lagi na lang kung kelan ako mag-aaral may magbobother sa aking thought -.-', 'AT_USER hahaha yesss halos sabay tayo nag-tatake lang muna ako ng one hour break hahahaha', 'realized how physically uncomfortable i am', 'narealize ko na kung bakit ang hirap mag-aral sa bahay and parang walang solution', 'i wont sacrifice my health for acads -.-', 'o, no', 'AT_USER hahahaha sorry :))))', "nobody's made me feel this way before ♫", 'AT_USER a* :)) (yes)', "i wouldn't be here without u", "i wouldn't be here without u", 'should i follow u?', 'not totally myself without u', 'bakit nga ba ulit ako pumapasok', 'i just want to lie down and stare', 'i dont give up, i just get tired and rest a lot', 'honest hour', "ang kulang na lang yung true love's kiss. :)))) joooooke laaang URL", 'AT_USER aay haha', 'AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER hahahahaha', 'para kanino nga ba ako pumapasok', 'happy 18th AT_USER :3 kat10010 URL', 'always a nightmare, never a dream', 'you tell people what type of tree you planted because they might be expecting different fruits from your tree', 'bakit ka pa lalabas ng bahay kung may bintana naman?', 'thanks for existing', 'ruuuuummmm baaaaaaaaallssssssssss', 'dont panic', 'those sweaty hands', 'AT_USER nakakamiss yung oval :(( sana hindi nila tayuan ng k-12 na building hahaha', 'this is comfortable', 'AT_USER grabe nanghukay kaaaaa hahahaha']