["knowyouranon i'm diagnosed with severe depression, add/adhd, anxiety, and anorexia nervosa.", 'knowyouranon i always keep blades in my wallet.', 'rt AT_USER depression is addicting ,,,when youre happy you search for more pain..cause its all youve ever felt', 'rt AT_USER someone, give me motivation. i need to quit eating so much. i need to eat completely healthy. i need to get fitter.', "it's only monday and i've already ate like a fat cow. someone fucking shoot me.", 'seriously need to fast.', 'all i can think is "if you press down a little harder it can all be over', "every time i cut i hate that i'm too much of a pussy to go deeper.", "you're cheating on her. you don't love her.", 'rt AT_USER "i\'m really not hungry" "no but you is one thirsty bitch" omfg done.', "just stop weighing in on my life. i didn't ask for your opinion.", 'rt AT_USER this boy at my school cuts and gets suicidal ..i write on his hand "put down the blade i love you', "i haven't cut in a week or so. i need to. i need to. i need to.", "icantcontrolmythoughtswhen you're around", 'somehow i managed to get out of dinner and we went out to eat. wut', "i really don't understand why you have to be such a bitch.", 'rt AT_USER wrist is burning, fuck i love this feeling too much.', "i think i'm gonna follow a bunch of you guys on my personal", "can't wait to just leave.", 'for real. fuck off.', 'so. fucking. pissed.', 'ughhhhh. my sinuses are starting to drain and i can taste it in my mouth. 😷', "i'm so over being sick. i feel awful.", "do me a favor and shut the fuck up. you don't know shit.", "getting sick &amp; being happy about it because you don't have an appetite edproblems", "this boy will hurt me forever. i'll let him. i'll complain about it, just to feel him beside me.", "if you were really my friend you'd support that.", "i've given you everything. my heart mind &amp; body yet it's not enough", 'you were supposed to be my friend but in reality you fucking suck.', "rt AT_USER sometimes you just want to cry because it's so hard..", "confessionnight i'm so dead inside i can barely function.", "confessionnight i lose myself in books because i can't bare reality.", "confessionnight i feel like i'm the stupid one out of all if my friends even though i get better grades", "confessionnight my ex is cheating on his girlfriend with me. i know it's wrong but i miss him so much..", "confessionnight i think of suicide all the time. i don't ever talk about it though.", 'seroquel is my best friend. forreal tho.', "i'm too tired for this shit.", "i'm just so tired of my body.", 'rt AT_USER cross the line if nothing makes you feel happy anymore.', 'rt AT_USER rt if you have ever thought of suicide?', 'no one is ever there for me.', "rt AT_USER cross the line if your family is the primary cause of your stress and you honestly don't know how much more you can take.", 'rt AT_USER cross the line if you feel mentally abused by your dad but are unsure if it qualifies as abuse, so you keep it to your ...', "rt AT_USER cross the line if you're dying inside because of how things have changed.", "rt AT_USER cross the line if you're bullied at school and its getting harder and harder everyday to stay strong and hide the pain.", "i haven't been cutting on my arms lately. well i just destroyed them. selfharmprobs", 'just let me die in my sleep..', "if i lived in a busy part of michigan i know damn well i'd walk in front of traffic that way it's an accident&amp;i don't have to hurt my mom.", "i hate myself so much. i just can't do it anymore.", "i can't fucking take it anymore.", 'i feel so used. so unimportant.', "rt AT_USER congratulations. you've brought me down. again.", 'i hate it when positive "stay strong" accounts follow me. i can\'t follow them back.', 'rt AT_USER cross the line if you have ever been pressured into sending a naked photo.', 'rt AT_USER cross the line if you feel totally worthless and you have no idea why.', 'rt AT_USER cross the line if your honestly happier by yourself than with your friends.', "rt AT_USER cross the line if you're afraid to tell your family about your depression because you're terrified they'll be ashamed ...", 'rt AT_USER cross the line if demi lovato means more to you than you can even explain.', 'rt AT_USER cross the line if you have severe social anxiety, but nobody believes that you do.', "rt AT_USER cross the line if your relationship with your dad was ruined because something happened that he can't ever take back.", 'rt AT_USER cross the line if you feel ugly no matter what anyone says.', "rt AT_USER cross the line if you've done all you can and it still doesn't seem to be good enough.", "rt AT_USER cross the line if your parents aren't happy with you no matter what.", "rt AT_USER cross the line if everyone thinks you have a perfect life, but in reality you're miserable.", 'i really fucking hate my dad', 'rt AT_USER cross the line if your whole family has turned its back on you.', 'rt AT_USER cross the line if you self harm almost everyday because you think you deserve it.', 'rt AT_USER cross the line if you want to go back to him, but you don’t know if you should trust him.', 'rt AT_USER cross the line if you fake a smile everyday but cry yourself to sleep every night because the mistakes are your own fault.', "i haven't felt so suicidal in a long time.", 'can i die? i think i will.', 'i feel so shitty. i hate myself so fucking much.', "my ex cheated on his girlfriend with me just a little bit ago. i hate myself so much. he'll never leave her for me.", 'i honestly want to die right now.', 'my little baby hannah means the world to me. it makes me want to cry to think she could grow up to be like me.', 'rt AT_USER i hate my mental instability.', 'rt AT_USER i hate how fat i always feel.', "it's. so. hot. in. here. but i can't take off my sweatshirt. ugh.", 'rt AT_USER if only i had my razor with me.', 'rt AT_USER i need more pills', "i can feel you all around me, thickening the air i'm breathing.", "it's probably bad that i compare my body to middle schoolers.", 'every second of every day i think of dying.', 'no matter what my mood is i still want to cut.', 'i like cutting on my wrists because it bleeds a lot. i like cutting on my thighs because it stings a lot.', "angry when you gain. angry when it stays the same. angry when you lose because it's not enough.", 'must. lose. weight.', 'the only voice i ever hear inside my head is screaming "you\'re so fat. why don\'t you cut yourself and die?', "it's getting so bad again.", "i swear i'm trying. why isn't it good enough?", "rt AT_USER the high of purging the relief the calmness i get is like nothing else. that's what i'm addicted to.", "rt AT_USER cross the line if you're about to break.", 'is peppermint tea good? i hate most teas but i love minty stuff', "rt AT_USER cross the line if you think you're too fat to have an eating disorder.", "i'm so fat. i just want to be light and tan with perfect teeth and perfect hair", "i'm such a fuck up", 'rt AT_USER i feel so low tonight.', 'lauren you have to let him go &amp; stay away from him" i don\'t "have" to do shit. if i want to keep hurting then fuck you i will.', 'losing even half a pound &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;', "rt AT_USER these voices won't go away. they eat me up. they are the evil in me..", 'purge burn and cut time', 'i keep a rubber band on my wrists at all times.', "it's really hard loving you."]